is mike from crazymikesapps.com checking
out ross well fighter HD by game lab
innovations one dollar 99 cent for the
iPad let's check it out it's a strictly
a game of moving your playing around and
tearing up the enemy I'm going to stay
mostly on screen here I hope as you can
see there's different bad guys and I
need to get this power up to take care
of stuff and there you go this game is
fast and there are some power-ups once
you get them it makes it a lot easier to
take care of business as you can see so
get the stars for points try to wipe out
all the wave the complete wave your
power-ups only last for a period of time
there are bombs which you can use which
blows everything up there is mega
weapons which kills everything as well
as you can see go up get your power up
you get better shooting and the game
plays I've played several screens and I
I'm kind of addicted to this game and
they played it for the iphone there's
several games like this but it's it's a
good time for the ipad not a not a bad
purchase at dollar ninety-nine i dig it
i recommend it you can see you know it's
one of those games the music soundtracks
not bad it's a little repetitive you
can't really hear it because i got to
turn down a little bit but that's the
way it is and ken this is Roswell
fighter HD by game lab innovations again
one dollar 99 cent and until next time
it's crazy Mike stay in got shield and
I'll see you
you